Add info about possible payment refund (#590)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/available-plugins/adyen.mdx

    }
  }
}
```

## Creating a payment in Saleor

To create a payment properly, you need to follow the steps described in
[Creating a checkout session](developer/checkout.mdx#creating-a-checkout-session) and
[Selecting a shipping method](developer/checkout.mdx#selecting-a-shipping-method).

> The next step is to choose Adyen as the payment gateway that we want to use to process the checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to choose Adyen as the payment gateway we want to use to process the checkout.
```

For the Adyen payment gateway, we need to provide:

- `checkoutId`: ID of the checkout, for which new payment should be created.

> - `input.gateway`: ID of the payment gateway which should be assigned to this payment. For Adyen it will be: `mirumee.payments.adyen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `input.gateway`: ID of the payment gateway which should be assigned to this payment. For Adyen, it will be: `mirumee.payments.adyen`.
```

```

The checkoutComplete mutation has the following fields:

> - `order` - Optional Order object. `Null` when Saleor was not able to finalize checkout or when additional action is required from the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `order` - Optional Order object. `Null` when Saleor cannot finalize checkout or when additional action is required from the customer.
```

  }
}
```

> The response of the mutation will contain a newly created order or additional data required for the next additional action from a customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response of the mutation will contain a created order or extra data required for the following other action from a customer.
```

In case, when more actions are required, process them in the same way as the second `checkoutComplete` call.

#### Processing a redirect additional action

If `action.type` is `redirect`, Adyen will redirect a customer to a page where the customer can finalize the payment.
After that, the customer will be redirected back. The request will go through the Saleor, which will confirm the current status of payment.
In the next step, Saleor will use `returnUrl` provided in the `checkoutPaymentCreate` mutation to redirect the shopper to the store page.
The `returnUrl` will have attached the following parameters attached:

- Required:
  - `checkout` - the ID of processed checkout.
  - `payment` - the ID of processed payment.
  - `resultCode` - status of the payment recieved from Adyen. Can be used to determine the current status of the payment. [Docs](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/payment-result-codes)
- Optional:
  - `action` - action data if an additional action is required by customer.

If payment was successfully processed, Saleor will create an order. The next mutation `checkoutComplete` call will return `order` in the response.

:::caution

> When the notification is received for an inactive payment or there will be any issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the notification is received for an inactive payment or, there will be an issue
```

> with order creation, the payment is refunded or voided (in case the payment wasn't charged yet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with order creation, the payment is refunded or voided (in case it wasn't charged yet).
```
